In this lecture and the next one we will learn about another great feature of LA travel which are the
marked down may levels now what you may ask what markdown actually is.
So essentially you can compare markdown to HDMI all.
It is a markup language or markup syntax which lets you style some text.
So the difference between HD AML and the markdown is basically in HD the AML you have the example tax
and markdown syntax is much simpler.
For example you can see how to define R headings with markdown and also you see the HDMI all counterpart.
So this also means that you can compile markdown to an HD Mel.
So let's see more examples.
You can have paragraphs.
Line breaks and also you can check this great page where it gives you a lot of examples so you can see
how to use the markdown syntax to create some elements.
So basically what markdown is it is just another markup language and it's actually a little bit simpler
than HDR Mel.
And then it can be compiled to HDMI all actually if you are a user of GitHub you can see that mostly
or maybe all of the read me files of those GitHub repositories are actually written in markdown syntax.
Now you might think I have HDMI well why do I need another markup language now.
The answer to that might be simple basically markdown has a very straightforward syntax and it can be
easily learned or used by people that are non coders.
Let's say designers.
They might not really know how to use HDMI properly and markdown will just then compile two HDMI out
but will provide also less verbose and simpler syntax.
Now you might think that if someone would have to learn markdown then they can as easily learn HDL.
And this is true but the biggest benefit of using markdown inside lot Mailer eyeballs is that we already
have a set of reusable blade components.
They are already prepared and you can just use them out of the box.
Now the markdown component consists of two parts.
So there are two representations of those components.
The first will be used to render the plaintext.
This is useful for the email clients of the person that you are sending this email to.
That doesn't support or for any reason want to display h the email so this will let you just write an
email that will be sent with a plain text and then there is HDMI all part of those components which
contains some pre-built HD AML with some nice CSF styling that you can even customize and then additionally
is also passing the markdown syntax to output the HDMI URL so it will combine some pre pre added HDMI
all of that components with whatever the markdown is and this markdown will be compiled to h the email
too.
So if this sounds a little bit confusing right now don't worry we'll see an example of that in the next
couple lectures.
So even though rare usability and simplicity of using the markdown may levels won't convince you then
maybe this will do.
It's actually built in in LA well it provides us a lot of stuff that we have out of the box.
It's very easy to use those components to style them and to create your own and then you save yourself
a lot of time creating the same markup for different email templates.
You can make those templates much simpler.
Use the common branding that you have created for your e-mails across all of your different kinds of
emails whatever they are about.
And basically this works great with travel and well the experience should show you that it's always
best to use what Lavell has created for you because this usually just works great.
But that's enough talking because I know that at this point you are probably very confused.
I was talking about some markdown some new kind of syntax and some larval blade components that are
already available.
So probably the best thing to do is now to see an example of how this works how to create those made
labels and immediately see the effect of them and how great and simple they can make your email templates.
So let's see that in the next lecture.